README.md, before:

# Reliably GitHub Action

A [GitHub Action](https://github.com/features/actions) for using
[Reliably](https://reliably.com) to check for vulnerabilities in your
Kubernetes manifests.


You can use the Action as follows:

```yaml
name: Example workflow using Reliably
on: push
jobs:
  demo:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: 'Checkout source code'
        uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - name: Run Reliably to check Kubernetes manifests for vulnerabilities
        uses: reliablyhq/gh-action@main
        with:
          files: 'manifest.yaml'
```

The Reliably Action has properties which are passed to the underlying image.
These are passed to the action using `with`.

| Property | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| files |   | List of file paths to check for vulnerabilities |



### Continuing on error

The above examples will fail the workflow when issues are found.
If you want to ensure the Action continues, even if Reliably finds vulnerabilities,
then [continue-on-error](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idstepscontinue-on-error) can be used.


```yaml
name: Example workflow using Reliably with continue on error
on: push
jobs:
  demo:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: 'Checkout source code'
        uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - name: Run Reliably to check Kubernetes manifests for vulnerabilities
        continue-on-error: true
        uses: reliablyhq/gh-action@main
        with:
          files: 'manifest.yaml'
```

Commit message:

Updates the README , with path filtering , for trigger workflow
Signed-off-by: David Martin <david@chaosiq.io>

README.md, after:

# Reliably GitHub Action

A [GitHub Action](https://github.com/features/actions) for using
[Reliably](https://reliably.com) to check for vulnerabilities in your
Kubernetes manifests.


You can use the Action as follows:

```yaml
name: Example workflow using Reliably
on: push
jobs:
  demo:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: 'Checkout source code'
        uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - name: Run Reliably to check Kubernetes manifests for vulnerabilities
        uses: reliablyhq/gh-action@main
        with:
          files: 'manifest.yaml'
```

The Reliably Action has properties which are passed to the underlying image.
These are passed to the action using `with`.

| Property | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| files |   | List of file paths to check for vulnerabilities |

### Triggering on manifest change only

You can trigger the workflow only when your manifests files change,
using the `on` syntax as follow:

```yaml

on:
  push:
    paths:
      - 'manifest.yaml'
```

Or for any yaml file within your repository:

```yaml

on:
  push:
    paths:
      - '**.yaml'
```

To know more on how to filter paths, for triggering your workflow,
you can have a look at the [GitHub Workflow syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/actions/reference/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#onpushpull_requestpaths) reference.


### Continuing on error

The above examples will fail the workflow when issues are found.
If you want to ensure the Action continues, even if Reliably finds vulnerabilities,
then [continue-on-error](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idstepscontinue-on-error) can be used.


```yaml
name: Example workflow using Reliably with continue on error
on: push
jobs:
  demo:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: 'Checkout source code'
        uses: actions/checkout@v2
      - name: Run Reliably to check Kubernetes manifests for vulnerabilities
        continue-on-error: true
        uses: reliablyhq/gh-action@main
        with:
          files: 'manifest.yaml'
```
